How to handle security advisories (#3278)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/security/security_checklist.md

- Run servers on a recent operating system and install security patches for dependencies.
- Configure servers to alert you about security updates from vendors. Pay special attention to dependencies used by your project directly, or by PHP. The provider of the operating system usually has a service for this.

> - Update Composer packages regulary. Try to not ignore [package security advisories](security_advisories.md#package-security-advisories). Update dependencies to be able to install fixed versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Composer packages regulary. Don't ignore [package security advisories](security_advisories.md#package-security-advisories). Update dependencies to be able to install fixed versions.
```
"Try to not ignore" is too weak.

Do. Or do not. There is no try.

Author: They can possibly be ignored after paying attention to the issue and having take other countermeasures…

```suggestion
- Update Composer packages regulary. Don't underestimate [package security advisories](security_advisories.md#package-security-advisories). Update dependencies to be able to install fixed versions.
```

> - Update Composer packages regularly. Don't underestimate [package security advisories](security_advisories.md#package-security-advisories). Update dependencies to be able to install fixed versions.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add a point about considering whether you should update to very freshly released packages. There is a potential security benefit to avoiding the newest packages, because of supply-chain attacks. Composer doesn't have a setting for this yet, but `minimum-release-age` is coming:
https://github.com/composer/composer/issues/12633

Author: @glye Some like this?:
```suggestion
- Update Composer packages regularly. Don't underestimate [package security advisories](security_advisories.md#package-security-advisories). Update dependencies to be able to install fixed versions. Delay the installation of recently released version that aren't fixes. Only install fixing versions and one-month-old versions.
```

Reviewer 2: Feels too definite and specific to me. _"that aren't fixes"_ isn't very helpful since attacks will likely camouflage as fixes. I would only advise people to consider the risk of supply chain attacks, and whether they ought to have a policy for avoiding recent releases newer than X time.

Author: @glye  Thx for the vocabulary :)

What about this?:

```suggestion
- Update your Composer packages regularly. Don't underestimate [package security advisories](security_advisories.md#package-security-advisories) and update your dependencies so you can install the fixed versions. Also consider the risk of [supply chain attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_chain_attack) which could be mitigated by adopting a policy of waiting a minimum amount of time before using new releases.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, this looks good to me!
